docs: add english document (#17)
ecomfe/veui-docs: one/docs/en-US/components/cascader.md

# Cascader

> ## Demo

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Demos
```

> ### Size

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Size variants
```

Available size variants for the ui prop:`xs` / `s` / `m` / `l`.

[[ demo src="/demo/cascader/size.vue" ]]

> ### Inline

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Inline cascader
```

> Use the [`inline`](#props-inline) prop to enable inline.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the [`inline`](#props-inline) prop to enable inline mode.
```

[[ demo src="/demo/cascader/inline.vue" ]]

> ### Search

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Searchable options
```

> Use the [`searchable`](#props-searchable) prop to enable search.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the [`searchable`](#props-searchable) prop to enable option searching.
```

[[ demo src="/demo/cascader/searchable.vue" ]]

> ### Multiple choice

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Multiple selections
```

> Use the [`multiple`](#props-multiple) prop to enable multiple choice.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the [`multiple`](#props-multiple) prop to enable multiple selections.
```

[[ demo src="/demo/cascader/multiple.vue" ]]

> ### Select

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Select mode
```

Use the [`select-mode`](#props-select-mode) prop to control which items can be selected in single-select mode.

[[ demo src="/demo/cascader/select-mode.vue" ]]

### Column trigger

> Use the [`column-trigger`](#props-column-trigger) prop to control when the subordinates in the dropdown panel are expanded.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the [`column-trigger`](#props-column-trigger) prop to control when the option groups are expanded.
```

[[ demo src="/demo/cascader/column-trigger.vue" ]]

> ### Render selected

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Displaying values
```

Use the [`value-display`](#props-value-display) prop to control how the selected value is displayed.

[[ demo src="/demo/cascader/value-display.vue" ]]

## API

### Props

| Name | Type | Default | Description |
| -- | -- | -- | -- |
| ``ui`` | `string=` | - | [^ui] |
| ``options`` | `Array<Object>` | - | [^options] |
| ``value`` | `Array<*>|*` | - | [^value] |

> | ``multiple`` | `boolean` | `false` | Allow multiple selections. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| ``multiple`` | `boolean` | `false` | Whether to allow multiple selections. |
```

> | ``inline`` | `boolean` | `false` | Whether the drop-down panel is displayed inline. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| ``inline`` | `boolean` | `false` | Whether the dropdown panel is displayed in inline mode (expanding options will split the panel instead of expanding it outwards).  |
```

> | ``max`` | `number` | - | The maximum number of items allowed to be selected when multiple selections are made. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| ``max`` | `number` | - | The maximum number of selectable options when performing multiple selections. |
```

> | ``placeholder`` | `string` | `cascader.placeholder` | Placeholder text when not selected. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| ``placeholder`` | `string` | `cascader.placeholder` | Placeholder text when no option is selected. |
```

> | ``clearable`` | `boolean` | `false` | Clear selections. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| ``clearable`` | `boolean` | `false` | Whether the cascader is clearable. |
```

> | ``searchable`` | `boolean` | `false` | Search options. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| ``searchable`` | `boolean` | `false` | Whether the cascader is searchable. |
```

| ``expanded`` | `boolean=` | `false` | [^expanded] |

> | ``column-trigger`` | `hover | click` | `click` | [^column-trigger] |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| ``column-trigger`` | `'hover' | 'click'` | `'click'` | [^column-trigger] |
```

> | ``select-mode`` | `'leaf-only' | 'any'` | `any` | [^select-mode] |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| ``select-mode`` | `'leaf-only' | 'any'` | `'any'` | [^select-mode] |
```

| ``column-width`` | `number | string` | - | [^column-width] |
| ``show-select-all`` | `boolean` | `false` | In multiple selection mode is there a select all button. |

> | ``value-display`` | `'complete' | 'simple'` | `simple` | [^value-display] |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| ``value-display`` | `'complete' | 'simple'` | `'simple'` | [^value-display] |
```

> | ``disabled`` | `boolean=` | `false` | Whether is it disabled state. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| ``disabled`` | `boolean=` | `false` | Whether the cascader is disabled. |
```

> | ``readonly`` | `boolean=` | `false` | Whether is it readonly state. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| ``readonly`` | `boolean=` | `false` | Whether the cascader is read-only. |
```

> | ``overlay-class`` | `string | Array | Object=` | - | See the [`overlay`](./overlay) component's [`overlay-class`](./overlay#props-overlay-class) prop. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| ``overlay-class`` | `string | Array | Object=` | - | See the [`overlay-class`](./overlay#props-overlay-class) prop of the [`Overlay`](./overlay) component. |
```

> | ``overlay-style`` | `string | Array | Object=` | - | See the [`Overlay`](./overlay) component's  [`overlay-style`](./overlay#props-overlay-style) prop. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| ``overlay-style`` | `string | Array | Object=` | - | See the [`overlay-style`](./overlay#props-overlay-style) prop of the [`Overlay`](./overlay) component. |
```

> | ``match`` | `(item, keyword, { ancestors }) => boolean | Array<[number, number]>` | - | Support custom highlighting logic, default case insensitive, refer to [`Autocomplete`](./Autocomplete#custom-search). |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| ``match`` | `(item, keyword, { ancestors }) => boolean | Array<[number, number]>` | - | To customize highlighting logic. Case insensitive by default, see [`Autocomplete`](./Autocomplete#custom-search). |
```

> | ``filter`` | `(item, keyword, { ancestors, offsets }) => boolean` | - | Support custom search hit logic, refer to [`Autocomplete`](./Autocomplete#custom-search). |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| ``filter`` | `(item, keyword, { ancestors, offsets }) => boolean` | - | To customize search hit logic, see [`Autocomplete`](./Autocomplete#custom-search). |
```

^^^ui

> preset style.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Style variants.
```

+++Enum

> | value | Description |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Value | Description |
```

| -- | -- |

> | `xs` | Ultra small size. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `xs` | Extra small size. |
```

| `s` | Small size. |
| `m` | Medium size. |

> | `l` | Lage size. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `l` | Large size. |
```

+++
^^^

^^^options

> Options list, items of type `{label, value, options, disabled, position, ...}`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The list of options with items of type `{label, value, options, disabled, position, ...}`.
```

> +++Fields

Reviewer: ```suggestion
+++Properties
```

| Name | Type | Description |
| -- | -- | -- |

> | `label` | `string` | Textual description of the option. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `label` | `string` | The descriptive label of the option. |
```

> | `value` | `*` | The value corresponding to the option. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `value` | `*` | The value of the option. |
```

| `position` | `string` | How to display subordinate nodes, pop up by default, set `inline` to display inline. |
| `options` | `Array<Object>=` | An array of options' sub-options, the array item type is the same as the [`options`](#props-options) prop array item. |
| `disabled` | `boolean=` | Whether the option is disabled. |
+++
^^^

^^^value
:::badges
`v-model`
:::

> Selected value.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The selected value / values.
```

^^^

^^^expanded
:::badges
`.sync`
:::

> Whether the drop-down menu is expanded.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Whether the dropdown menu is expanded.
```

^^^

^^^column-trigger

> Drop-down panel lower-level to be expanded at the time.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The timing of expanding sub-options in the dropdown panel.
```

+++Enum
| Value | Description |
| -- | -- |

> | `hover` | The cursor hovers to expand the next. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `hover` | Expand on hover. |
```

> | `click` | The cursor click to expand the next. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `click` | Expand on click. |
```

+++
^^^

^^^select-mode
Controls which items can be selected in single-select mode.

+++Enum
| Value | Description |
| -- | -- |

> | `leaf-only` | Only leaf nodes can be selected. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `leaf-only` | Only leaf options can be selected. |
```

> | `any` | Each nodes can be selected. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `any` | Any option can be selected. |
```

+++
^^^

^^^column-width

> When there are multiple columns in the drop-down panel, uniformly control the width of the columns except the last column.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When there are multiple columns in the dropdown panel, uniformly control the width of the columns except the last one.
```

> When there value is a numeric value or can be converted to a numeric value, it is treated as a pixel value.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When the value is a numeric value or can be converted to a numeric value, it is treated as a pixel value.
```

^^^

^^^value-display

> Controls how the selected value is displayed style.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Controls how the selected value is displayed.
```

+++Enum
| Value | Description |
| -- | -- |

> | `complete` | A path that fully displays the selected value, such as "Hollywood > Disneyland Park". |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `complete` | Displays a path that fully displays the selected value, such as “China > Shanghai”. |
```

Author: 我特意找的地方名字.....居然不过

> | `simple` | Only display the selected value text. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `simple` | Only displays the label of the selected value. |
```

+++
^^^

### Slots

| Name | Description |
| -- | -- |
| ``trigger`` | [^slot-trigger] |

> | ``pane`` | Content slot in drop-down panel. As [`trigger`](#slots-trigger) slot with domain parameter. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| ``pane`` | The content of the dropdown panel. Shares the same slot props with the [`trigger`](#slots-trigger) slot. |
```

> | ``before`` | The content before the list of options. No default content. The scope parameter is the as the [`trigger`](#slots-trigger) slot. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| ``before`` | The content before the list of options. No default content. Shares the same slot props with the [`trigger`](#slots-trigger) slot. |
```

> | ``after`` | The content after the option list. No default content. The scope parameter is the as the [`trigger`](#slots-trigger) slot. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| ``after`` | The content after the option list. No default content. Shares the same slot props with the [`trigger`](#slots-trigger) slot. |
```

| ``column-before`` | [^slot-column-before] |

> | ``column-after`` | The area after each column in the drop-down panel. No default content. The scope parameter is the as the [`column-before`](#slots-column-before) slot. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| ``column-after`` | The area after each column in the dropdown panel. No default content. Shares the same slot props with the [`before`](#slots-before) slot. |
```

| ``label`` | [^slot-label] |
| ``option-label`` | [^slot-option-label] |
| ``option`` | [^slot-option] |
| ``selected`` | [^slot-selected] |

^^^slot-trigger

> The entire pull down trigger area.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The entire dropdown trigger area.
```

> Default content: drop-down button.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Default content: the dropdown button.
```

> +++Scopes

Reviewer: ```suggestion
+++Slot props
```

| Name | Type | Description |
| -- | -- | -- |

> | `value` | `*` | Selected value. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `value` | `*` | The selected value. |
```

> | `selected` | `Object` | Selected object. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `selected` | `Object` | The selected option object. |
```

> | `expanded` | `boolean` | Whether drop-down panel expane. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `expanded` | `boolean` | Whether the dropdown panel is expanded. |
```

> | `keyword` | `string` | Search value. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `keyword` | `string` | The search keyword. |
```

> | `select` | `function(option: Object): void` | Use to set options. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `select` | `function(option: Object): void` | Selects the specified option. |
```

> | `toggle` | `function(force: boolean): void` | Use to toggle the expanded state of the drop-down menu. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `toggle` | `function(force: boolean): void` | Toggles the expanded state of the dropddown menu. |
```

> | `clear` | `function(): void` | Use to clear selected options. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `clear` | `function(): void` | Clears selected options. |
```

> | `remove` | `function(option: Object): void` | Use to remove a option, the parameter `option` is the option. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `remove` | `function(option: Object): void` | Removes the specified option from seletions. |
```

| `updateKeyword` | `function(keyword: string): void` | Use to modify selected value. |
+++
^^^

^^^slot-column-before

> The area in front of each column in the drop-down panel. No default content.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The area in front of each column in the dropdown panel. No default content.
```

> +++Scopes

Reviewer: ```suggestion
+++Slot props
```

| Name | Type | Description |
| -- | -- | -- |

> | `option` | `Object` | This parent options of the column, where the `options` prop can get the data of the current column. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `option` | `Object` | The parent option of the column, where the `options` property gets the data of the current column. |
```

+++
^^^

^^^slot-label

> Drop-down button text area.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The label of the dropdown button.
```

> Default content: the value of the `label` prop corresponding to the selected option or the text content of the selected option in inline mode.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Displays the label of selected option or the text content of the selected embedded option by default.
```

> +++Scopes

Reviewer: ```suggestion
+++Slot props
```

| Name | Type | Description |
| -- | -- | -- |

> | `label` | `string` | Selected text. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `label` | `string` | The descriptive label of the selected option. |
```

> | `value` | `*` | Selected value. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `value` | `*` | The value of the selected option. |
```

> | `checked` | `boolean` | Whether selected a certain value。 |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `checked` | `boolean` | Whether the cascader has a selected value. |
```

> | `disabled` | `boolean=` | Whether option is disabled. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `disabled` | `boolean=` | Whether the option is disabled. |
```

+++

> PS. Fields other than the fields described above in the current options data are also automatically bound to scope parameters via `v-bind`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Additionally, custom properties apart from the listed ones will also be passed into the slot props object via `v-bind`.
```

^^^

^^^slot-option-label

> Text area for dropdown options (without `options`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The label text of each option (option without `options` property). Displays the label of the option by default.
```

> 
> Default content: The value of the option `label` prop.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> +++Scopes

Reviewer: ```suggestion
+++Slot props
```

| Name | Type | Description |
| -- | -- | -- |

> | `option` | `Object` | Current option. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `option` | `Object` | The descriptive label of the option. |
```

> | `select` | `function(option: Object): void` | Selected current option. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `select` | `function(option: Object): void` | Selects the current option. |
```

> | `expand` | `function(option: Object): void` | Expand current option.  |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `expand` | `function(option: Object): void` | Expands the current option.  |
```

> | `click` | `function(option: Object): void` | Click current option content area, The current option is selected and/or expanded as appropriate. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `click` | `function(option: Object): void` | Clicks the content of the current option, will select/expand the current option as appropriate. |
```

+++
^^^

^^^slot-option

> The entire area of drop-down options available for selection.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The entire area of the option.
```

> Default content: Component default structure inside `Option`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Default content: default content of the internal `Option` component.
```

> The scope parameter is the same as the [`option-label`](#slots-option-label) slot.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Shares the same slot props with the [`option-label`](#slots-option-label) slot.
```

^^^

^^^slot-selected

> Selected value rendering area.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The area that displays the selected value.
```

> Default content: render the tag of the selected item when single selected; render the tag of each selected item as `Tag` when multiple selected.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Default content: the label of selected option for single selection, the tags of each selected option for multiple selection.
```

> +++Radio scopes

Reviewer: ```suggestion
+++Slot props (single selection)
```

| Name | Type | Description |
| -- | -- | -- |

> | `label` | `string` | Option text. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `label` | `string` | Option label. |
```

| `value` | `*` | Option value. |

> | `checked` | `boolean` | Whether already option. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `checked` | `boolean` | Whether the option is selected. |
```

> | `disabled` | `boolean=` | Whether option disable. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `disabled` | `boolean=` | Whether the option is disabled. |
```

+++

> +++Multiple choice scopes

Reviewer: ```suggestion
+++Slot props (multiple selections)
```

| Name | Type | Description |
| -- | -- | -- |

> | `selected` | `Array<Object>` | Array of selected item data. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `selected` | `Array<Object>` | Array of the selected options. |
```

+++
^^^

### Events

| Name | Description |
| -- | -- |

> | ``input`` | Triggered when a search keyword is entered. The callback parameter is `(value: string)`, and `value` is the `value` value of the input box. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| ``input`` | Triggered when a search keyword is entered. The callback parameter is `(value: string)`, and `value` is the value of the input box. |
```

| ``select`` | [^event-select] |

> | ``afteropen`` | Fired when the drop-down menu is turned on. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| ``afteropen`` | Triggered after the dropdown panel is expanded. |
```

> | ``afterclose`` | Fired when the drop-down menu is turned off. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| ``afterclose`` | Triggered after the dropdown panel is collapsed. |
```

^^^event-select
:::badges
`v-model`
:::

> Triggered after the selected state changes, the callback parameter is `(value: *)`. `value` is the value of the currently selected `value` field.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Triggered after the selected state changes, the callback parameter is `(value: *)`. `value` is the value of the currently selected option value.
```

^^^

> ### Global config

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Global configs
```

> | Config item | Type | Default | Description |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Key | Type | Default | Description |
```

| -- | -- | -- | -- |
| ``cascader.placeholder`` | `string` | `@@cascader.placeholder` | Placeholder content when not selected. |

:::tip

> A value starting with `@@` refers to the relevant field in the multilingual config.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`@@` prefixed values denote corresponding properties in the locale settings.
```

:::

> ### Icon

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Icons
```

| Name | Description |
| -- | -- |

> | ``expand`` | Expand drop-down. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| ``expand`` | Expand the dropdown. |
```

> | ``collapse`` | pack up drop-down. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| ``collapse`` | Collapse the dropdown. |
```

> | ``clear`` | clear. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| ``clear`` | Clear selected. |
```

> | ``separator`` | separator. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| ``separator`` | Toggle icon. |
```
